V README uvádím poznámky k průběhu projektu a řešení nastalých problémů.

**** ****

MOBILE RESPONSIVE DESIGN
Suitable for mobile phones as well as PC.

TRANSLATOR 
It translates your text and creates a table 
with Czech column and foreign language column.

PDF OCR
It scans a PDF, cleans any garbled text with AI and sends it for translation.

OPRAVY
- Php soubor musí začínat <?php hned na prvním řádku bez mezery.
- Include session musí být hned na začátku souboru.
- Spojení s databází je lépe ošetřit pomocí odkazu na soubor db.php .
a ne jako několika řádkový skript, co bych musel v každém souboru opakovat.
- Při github zálohování se mi v byethost adresáři zjevuje dávno smazaný Flashcards.php
A program se rozhodl používat tento neplatn soubor místo nového flashcards.php

YAML 
Yaml soubory obsahují přístupovéý klíč, takže umožňují Githubu stáhnout 
data z mého webu i z databáze, vytvořit zálohu. A také mohou github-push commit protlačit na můj web.
Aby se aktualizoval. Musí v yaml ale být nastavena správná branch (databázi mám v samosatné db branch)

ALWAYS DATA MÁ DÁLKOVÉ SQL
Free hosting jako byethost obvykle neumožňuje dálkový přístup k databázím. 
Ale free databázové služby to umožňují, takže stačí propojit tyto dvě služby na dálku.
To umožňuje na Githubu zálohovat i databáze.
Na free databázový server mohu soubory nahrávat jen přes FileZillu (win program)
Ve free databázové službě AlwaysData pak databázi prohlížím v phpadmin.

TOKEN
db_backup.yaml také vyžaduje, abych v nastavení projektu v githubu
šel na: Settings → Actions → General... Scroll to Workflow permissions.
Make sure this is selected: 🔘 Read and write permissions

SECRETS
Hesla v Githubu uložit v samostatném šuplíku,
jinak neumožní zveřejnit adresář jako "veřejný".

GITHUB ACTIONS 
Na Githubu v sekci Actions vidím, zda se yaml skript zálohování obou věcí
(databáze AlwaysData, php adresář na Byethost) podařilo... 

EDITABLE TABLES  
After revert we are back to editable tables where you can add a row.
Or delete a row. And we still use ElevenLabs.

DIRECTORIES AND FOLDERS
On the main.php with rules like kremlik_prag_pulverturm.

FREE AUDIO FROM GOOGLE TTS
Required a full overhaul of the files. 31/7/25

FREE
Graduaally I switched to free sources. 
a) Free AlwaysData hosting (allowign scripted backups in git).
b) Free translation (mymemory).  .
c) Free audio (google tts). 
d) And also I replaced AI with a free version from OpenRouter.ai 
e) And of couse free Byethost hosting.

KAHOOT PREPARATION
You can load a table and ask A.I. to generate false answers for a quiz.
The AI suggested options can be edited.
Then you can play a Kahoot quiz where you can choose from correct and false answers. 

KAHOOT MUSIC
Background music added to the game. It does not start automatically and is a toggle.

KAHOOT MISTAKES
The game ends showing score and also a list of mistakes. They are not stored.

FLASHCARDS 
Now the Mark Difficult system records also names of users and names of tables. 
So in Flashcards you have the option to show only Difficult words for this table.

STYLE OVERHAUL
Index, register and login will have only "register" and "login" buttons visible.
Nothing else in their menu. So they will have their own styling document.

New - Upload, Pdf-to-text, Translate, Edit, Quizmaker,
Study - Flashcards, Quiz, Difficult, Mastered

CREATE TABLE
Now user can create an empty table. Upload is a separate php. 
In Edit.php you can delete the editable tables - and add new words.

FILE EXPLORER
We created a nicer file explorer.

PIXABAY
I got an API and now we can add images to the quiz.

AI PROMPT
The AI which generates quiz answers needs a lot of prompting in order not to generate nonsense.
Still ot working properly.

SAVE (6 August 2025)
I spent a day trying to make "save" button in editable quiz table work. I had to divide it into 
two files. Generate_quiz_choices generates preview and edit button takes you to editable/deletable page.
From which you can move to picture selection.

EMAIL
At registration each user must provide an email address. It is stored in the user database.
Now I can communicate with the users of my website.

RED-GREEN
Quiz highlights correct answers in red and wrong in red. Result of a day of editing!
It required moving part of the logic to a separate file submit_answer.php

LONG MP3 AND MP3 DELETE
We fixed the problem with ssml audio generation for long files. And added option to delete MP3.
So when you update your table, you can create a new audio.

QUIZ  
Quiz AI now works reasonably well. You can add pictures. You can select music. 
When you play the game, the gamebox is at the top of page. It is mobile responsive.
Users have time to view question and feedback. Feedback is red or green clicked-area.

UPLOAD FORMAT 
If you cannot format a cvs file properly to be readable for the machine, you an download a sample.

SELF HOSTED AI
The quiz detractors generation AI hits monthly usage limits and crates gibberish. 
GPT5 suggested runing open-source AI model Ollama from my own server - virtual machine at Oracle.
(Oracle: F1oor_, Zurych, name kremlik, kremlik@seznam.cz,credit card, always-free, mobilni app oveřeovací).

FREEPD.COM/MUSIC
Chatgpt5 dokázal na první pokus do play_quiz integrovat výběr hudby.
Z freepd.cm/music 

FILE EXPLORER IN PLAY_QUIZ 
Chatgpt5 byl také schopen rychle dát hezký file explorer do play_quiz.
Aniž by přestaly kvízy fungovat. A aniž by přestala fungovat PD hudba.

FILE EXPLORER IN MAIN 
Now able to show subfolders. Able to share-unshared, rename, edit, copy.
main.php and file_explorer.php Even flashcards work with the new folders.

FILE STRUCTURE

config.php (gitignore)
index,php
main.php
styling.php styling_welcome.php 
upload_handler.php

register.php  login.php  logout.php  session.php 

db.php
db_users.php 

mark_difficult.php mastered.php review_difficult.php

upload.php 
create_table.php

pdf_scan.php
translator.php

generate_quiz_choices.php  quiz_edit  add.images.php

flashcards.php
play_quiz.php 

generate_tts_snippet.php
generate_mp3_google_ssml.php

update_table
check_table_name

BRANCH
I renamed the branch01 to main so that he public version of the project is on default main.
yaml files set to main. 

FIXES
I fixed some minor problems. 
Flashcard "dificult only" no working due to character collation.
ai_cleaner not working due to deleted/inactive key for a model. 
A nice pdf-scan fail log.
Distrator generation must have no sentences.
Text going to distrator generation must be proofed against invisible bad //**% characters.

DIFFERENT VOICES 

A Wav logic with generate_mp3_batched.php now works.
It might allow usage of more voices in SSML.

PHP MAIL

So students could fill in a form toshow interest about classes I used:
- PHP Mailer software from Github (free) - put in your directory lib/PHPMailer/src (3 files)
- Account at Brevo (through google account)
- Created a submit_interest.php
- Need SMTP login (95e912001@smtp-brevo.com) and generated log SMTP key (not the master key, not API key)
- Store keys in config.php
- Need to verify domain (through cloudflare.com) and no-reply@wordbaker mail at Brevo under Campagins.